be still stretches Dina
is in studies
Eva shut the officials to make sure that
rivers wide adopted time
tremendous individual play the step back
over a seven footer with incurring
yelling at him to go he was unbelievable
dunk clearly inside it's so clearly on
time and what looks cool
I tell you better spoke to them I won't
make an escape them yeah what I wouldn't
have been sick Springs 29 points the
game-winning shot just stop
with the chemists a lovely people wrote
about that today
what about freshmen Thank You connection
this day and here's what blood drips
what a fast that's one of fat fellow
Lima airline I've had a ten to twelve
point lead for most of the second half
go ahead of three certainly hit of three
and eventually rivers hits a three 14
threes in the game for Duke as they pull
one out in miraculous fashion here
tonight yet again
t-that you run